## MVC Film Site
Homework week 8 - First team assignment

### Description
This project required the creators to make a local hosted app that can access a database related to films. The app needed to be able to Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) entries in the database. Initially the user is taken to a home page (the index) where they are given multiple prompts. 

To start with the user can search by either Film ID or by a Keyword. In both searches the user sees the film(s) details to include actors present in the film. From there they are given the option to return to main menu, edit, or delete a film. The user also has the option to add a film to the database by inserting all details of the film. Once inserted the Film's ID is automatically generated by the database and the user can then edit or delete that film. 

This project really emphasized the many concepts we have been learning about Web Basics in the last few weeks. 


### Technologies Used
- GitHub
- SpringToolSuite
- Terminal
- MAMP 
- SQL
- HTML
- Gradle
- Maven 

### Lessons Learned
-  Took a deep dive into HTML vs JSP and what the benefits are to using each. We initally leaned towards HTMLS for our tasks but then began to use JSPs. Figuring out the relationship that exists between the JSP/HTML process and the Controller took quite a bit of time and led to a lot of troubleshooting. 
-  Making use of a controller to serve as an implementation in methods was challenging and helped bring back Java basics. 
- Communication, as this was our first paired project we had to figure out how to assign responsibilities and how to mitigate merge conflicts. Initially we both were working off a shared screen on zoom but quickly realized that was inefficient and did not utilize our time effectively so afterwards we began to split tasks and discuss who was working where to try to prevent conflicts on git. 
- Git proved to be tricky. Even with communication we found ourselves having unusual issues when we pulled data down. This probably relates to the novelty of GIT with pull/push but it did eat up quite a bit of time that we would have rather used towards working on user stories. 
- Much better understanding of SQL and how the database operates. Updating films proved to be the task that took the most energy. We found that our original method/jsp use was not sufficient and had to adjust to make sure that film edits made it into the database. 
 